README.md, before:

<img width="1536" height="1024" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c4ed3554-1424-4b3e-a670-4a8573afee63" />

                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                           


                                                                                

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡠⠶⠶⠶⢦⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀                  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠞⠉⢀⣀⣤⣄⡀⠀⠙⢦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀                  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠏⠀⣠⣿⡿⠟⠻⣿⣦⡀⠈⢷⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠇⠀⢠⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠸⣿⣧⠀⠀⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠋⠀⣠⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠽⣿⣦⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠋⠀⣴⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⢿⣷⡀⠀⠳⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡴⠁⠀⣴⣿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⢿⣷⡀⠀⠹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡼⠁⢀⣾⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⣰⣦⣤⣤⣤⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡄⠀⠹⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⠀⢀⣾⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⣄⠀⠘⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡞⠀⢀⣿⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣆⠀⠈⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠏⠀⣠⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣦⠀⠈⢣⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠋⠀⣰⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⠃⠀⣴⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠚⢿⣷⡀⠀⢹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⣼⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢿⣿⡀⠀⠹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡜⠁⢀⣾⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⡄⠀⠙⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡞⠀⢀⣾⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣆⠀⠘⢦⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⢠⠏⠀⣠⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣤⣤⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣦⠀⠈⢧⡀⠀⠀
⠀⣰⠏⠀⣠⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⣿⣧⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀
⣰⠇⠀⣰⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⡛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣧⡀⠀⢳⠀
⣿⠀⠀⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⡇
⢻⡄⠀⢻⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣠⣾⡿⠃⠀⣾⠁
⠀⠹⣄⠀⠉⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠉⠀⣀⡼⠃⠀
⠀⠀⠈⠙⠲⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠂⠖⠠⠂⠂⠔⠰⠀⠂⠔⠰⠠⠆⠖⠴⠢⠒⠆⠔⠠⠂⠖⠴⠲⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠚⠉⠀⠀⠀


This client is a fork of Thunderhack Recode. We are fully open source and aim to provide improved features and bug fixes.

**Information**                      
Minecraft version: Fabric 1.21 
Default ClickGui keybind - P 
Default prefix - @
Middle click the module to bind it or open the Keybind editor to search and bind keys on a visual keyboard.







.

Commit message:

Update README with mod requirements and recommendations
Added requirements and recommendations for mods and guides.

README.md, after:

<img width="1536" height="1024" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c4ed3554-1424-4b3e-a670-4a8573afee63" />

                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                           


                                                                                

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡠⠶⠶⠶⢦⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀                  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠞⠉⢀⣀⣤⣄⡀⠀⠙⢦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀                  
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠏⠀⣠⣿⡿⠟⠻⣿⣦⡀⠈⢷⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠇⠀⢠⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠸⣿⣧⠀⠀⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠋⠀⣠⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠽⣿⣦⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠋⠀⣴⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⢿⣷⡀⠀⠳⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡴⠁⠀⣴⣿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⢿⣷⡀⠀⠹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡼⠁⢀⣾⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⣰⣦⣤⣤⣤⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡄⠀⠹⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⠀⢀⣾⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⣄⠀⠘⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡞⠀⢀⣿⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣆⠀⠈⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠏⠀⣠⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣦⠀⠈⢣⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠋⠀⣰⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⠃⠀⣴⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠚⢿⣷⡀⠀⢹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⣼⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢿⣿⡀⠀⠹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡜⠁⢀⣾⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⡄⠀⠙⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡞⠀⢀⣾⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣆⠀⠘⢦⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⢠⠏⠀⣠⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣤⣤⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣦⠀⠈⢧⡀⠀⠀
⠀⣰⠏⠀⣠⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⣿⣧⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀
⣰⠇⠀⣰⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⡛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣧⡀⠀⢳⠀
⣿⠀⠀⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⡇
⢻⡄⠀⢻⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣠⣾⡿⠃⠀⣾⠁
⠀⠹⣄⠀⠉⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠉⠀⣀⡼⠃⠀
⠀⠀⠈⠙⠲⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠂⠖⠠⠂⠂⠔⠰⠀⠂⠔⠰⠠⠆⠖⠴⠢⠒⠆⠔⠠⠂⠖⠴⠲⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠚⠉⠀⠀⠀


This client is a fork of Thunderhack Recode. We are fully open source and aim to provide improved features and bug fixes.

**Information**                      
Minecraft version: Fabric 1.21 
Default ClickGui keybind - P 
Default prefix - @
Middle click the module to bind it or open the Keybind editor to search and bind keys on a visual keyboard.


**Requires these mods:**
FabricApi 1.21 https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api/version/0.100.4+1.21
Java 21+  https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/

**Recommended to read:**
Performance guide for Minecraft 1.20.4+ Clients
Setup guide by @DevilishRak
